.TH "_cookbook.file" 3 "Wed Sep 17 2014" "Version 0.0.0" "admin-linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_cookbook.file \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtest_bin_io\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtest_mmap\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.file\&.test_bin_io (filename)"

.PP
.nf
Binary I/O
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file file\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.file\&.test_mmap (filename)"

.PP
.nf
Memory-mapped I/O.

It should be emphasized that memory mapping a file does not cause the
entire file to be read into memory. That is, it’s not copied into some kind
of memory buffer or array. Instead, the operating system merely reserves a
section of virtual memory for the file contents. As you access different
regions, those portions of the file will be read and mapped into the memory
region as needed. However, parts of the file that are never accessed simply
stay on disk. This all happens transparently, behind the scenes.

If more than one Python interpreter memory maps the same file, the
resulting mmap object can be used to exchange data between interpreters.
That is, all interpreters can read/write data simultaneously, and changes
made to the data in one interpreter will automatically appear in the
others. Obviously, some extra care is required to synchronize things, but
this kind of approach is sometimes used as an alternative to transmitting
data in messages over pipes or sockets.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file file\&.py\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for admin-linux from the source code\&.
