.TH "_cookbook.network.MyTCPServer" 3 "Wed Sep 17 2014" "Version 0.0.0" "admin-linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_cookbook.network.MyTCPServer \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBserve_forever\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBserver_address\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsocket\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddress_family\fP = socket\&.AF_INET"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsocket_type\fP = socket\&.SOCK_STREAM"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrequest_queue_size\fP = 5"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_handle_request\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_handle_request_thread\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_timeout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_buf_size\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
TCP Server (Only IPv4).

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file network\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.__init__ (self, address, buf_size = \fC1024\fP, timeout = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create an instance of TCP server.

@param address server address, 2-tuple (host, port)
@param buf_size receiving buffer size
@param timeout timeout of socket object. None for blocking, 0.0 for
non-blocking, others for timeout in seconds (float)
@exception socket.error

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file network\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&._handle_request (self)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Handle one request.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&._handle_request_thread (self, request)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Handle each request in a thread.

@param request request from client

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.serve_forever (self, multiplex = \fCNone\fP, timeout = \fC0\&.5\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Run server.

@param multiplex I/O multiplexing method: "None", "epoll", "poll", "select".
@param timeout timeout used by POSIX `select()` or poll()` in seconds
@exception select.error

The `poll()` system call, supported on most Unix systems, provides
better scalability for network servers that service many, many clients
at the same time. `poll()` scales better because the system call only
requires listing the file descriptors of interest, while `select()`
builds a bitmap, turns on bits for the fds of interest, and then
afterwards the whole bitmap has to be linearly scanned again. `select()`
is O(highest file descriptor), while poll() is O(number of file
descriptors).

@warnning `epoll()` ONLY available on Linux 2.5+.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file network\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&._buf_size\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&._timeout\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.address_family = socket\&.AF_INET\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "int _cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.request_queue_size = 5\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 97 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.server_address"

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.socket"

.PP
Definition at line 113 of file network\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.network\&.MyTCPServer\&.socket_type = socket\&.SOCK_STREAM\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file network\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for admin-linux from the source code\&.
