.TH "_cookbook.thread.my_queue.MyQueue" 3 "Wed Sep 17 2014" "Version 0.0.0" "admin-linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_cookbook.thread.my_queue.MyQueue \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBqsize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBempty\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfull\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtask_done\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBjoin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBput\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_init_queue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_queue_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_put\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_get\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_maxsize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_lock\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_cond_not_empty\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_cond_not_full\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_cond_all_tasks_done\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_unfinished_tasks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_queue\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A class whose instances are multi-producer, multi-cusumer queues.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.__init__ (self, maxsize = \fC0\fP)"

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._get (self)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Get an item from a queue.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._init_queue (self, maxsize)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Initialize the queue representation.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 166 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._put (self, item)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Put an item in the queue.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._queue_size (self)\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 174 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.empty (self)"

.PP
.nf
Check if the queue is empty. (NOT reliable)
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.full (self)"

.PP
.nf
Check if the queue is full. (NOT reliable)
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.get (self)"

.PP
.nf
Get an item from the queue.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.join (self)"

.PP
.nf
Block until all items in the queue have been processed.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.put (self, item)"

.PP
.nf
Put an item into the queue.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.qsize (self)"

.PP
.nf
Return the queue actual size. (NOT reliable)
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&.task_done (self)"

.PP
.nf
Indicate that a formerly enqueued task is finished.

Used by Queue cusumer threads,. For each `get()` used to fetch a task,
a subsequent call to `task_done()` tells that the processing on the
task is finished.

If a `join()` is currently blocking, it will resume when all items
have been processed.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._cond_all_tasks_done\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._cond_not_empty\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._cond_not_full\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 90 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._lock\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 82 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._maxsize\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._queue\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 169 of file my_queue\&.py\&.
.SS "_cookbook\&.thread\&.my_queue\&.MyQueue\&._unfinished_tasks\fC [private]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file my_queue\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for admin-linux from the source code\&.
