.TH "_cookbook.my_pyunit.TestSuite" 3 "Wed Sep 17 2014" "Version 0.0.0" "admin-linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_cookbook.my_pyunit.TestSuite \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddTestCase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddTestCaseFromClass\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrun\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsuite\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A test suite is a composite test consisting of a number of TestCases.

For use, create an instance of TestSuite, then add test case instances.
When all tests have been added, the suite can be passed to a test
runner, such as run(). It will run the individual test cases
in the order in which they were added, aggregating the results. When
subclassing, do not forget to call the base class constructor.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 181 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.my_pyunit\&.TestSuite\&.__init__ (self)"

.PP
Definition at line 190 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def _cookbook\&.my_pyunit\&.TestSuite\&.addTestCase (self, test_case)"

.PP
.nf
Add test case instance.

If the given object is not the instance of TestCase, nothing to be
done.

@param test_case test case instance that is added.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.my_pyunit\&.TestSuite\&.addTestCaseFromClass (self, test_case)"

.PP
.nf
Add test case.

If the given class is not the subclass of the TestCase, nothing to be
done.

@param test_case class of test case that is added.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.
.SS "def _cookbook\&.my_pyunit\&.TestSuite\&.run (self)"

.PP
.nf
Run all the test cases in this test suite, and print a testing
report summary for each test case.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "_cookbook\&.my_pyunit\&.TestSuite\&.suite"

.PP
Definition at line 191 of file my_pyunit\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for admin-linux from the source code\&.
